Reset `@association_scope` when resetting an association (#42643)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

*   Association#reset also resets the cached `association_scope`

>     After loading a `has_one` association on an object then resetting the
>     association, calling save on the object has the effect of loading the
>     association again (as part of
>     `AutosaveAssocation#save_has_one_association`). When the association is
>     loaded in this way, the query to find the associated record was based on
>     the `association_scope` as evaluated originally. The conditions were
>     not _re_-evaluated, meaning they could be stale. If the scope includes
>     `Time.current`, for example, the cached `association_scope` would include
>     an old timestamp.
> 
>     Now, when resetting an association, the `association_scope` is also reset.
>     hen the association is later reloaded, the scope is evaluated afresh.

Reviewer: This could be a bit more succinct. Here's my understanding, feel free to edit if I'm wrong.

```suggestion
    `Association#reset` also resets the association scopes.

    After loading a `has_one` association on an object and calling `reset`,
    calling `save` could incorrectly cache scopes, which could result in
    incorrect associated objects.
    
    Now when resetting an association, the association's scope is also reset.
```

Author: Thanks. I've addressed this [here](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/42643/commits/e33d9a67c2fdf5ca5b32724d1ea7b7e1e9f2e351).
